I have spent some time using the deployed version. Here are the main issues I have discovered. Integrate these into the workplan as future milestones as appropriate, along with the existing future milestones.

1. PDF preview quality. The PDF preview in the browser appears somewhat pixelated/low quality, particularly when I enlarge the window.
2. I want the cross-fade time in seconds to be adjustable via a settings dialog, maybe hidden under a little "cog" symbol in the top-right of the editor view next to my username. Min 0s, max 3s.
3. Instead of the username appearing in the top right, it should be the email address associated with my signed-in email account.
4. The system architecture should be something like this. When a project is selected to be edited, we spin up a new Fly Machine to host it. After some configurable time period of inactivity (5 seconds?), the Fly Machine goes to "suspend mode"; this is a special Fly MAchine state whereby machines can be resumed very fast like in under 300ms. However I'm not sure whether the websocket connection will work so this has to be carefully handled. Then after a longer period of inactivity (5 minutes?), the fly machine shuts down, however all associated files (user files that are part of their latex project, as well as .aux files etc) of course have to be preserved in cold storage. This should all be transparent to the user - all they see is the ordinary simple interface, where they have a project list and click on a project to work on it. They will just have to accept that after some inactivity it might take a little while for the recompile interface to become responsive again.
5. The cross-fade functionality is ok but not working perfectly. I still see some slight flickering. There needs to be some work to think carefully about how this animation works. As we scale time T for the animation between 0...1, the pixel values we see should be T*NEW_PIXEL + (1-T)*OLD_PIXEL. I'm not sure this is achieved with the current opacity scaling.
6. The front-end needs to track the maximum PDF page that is currently visible, and set the target compile page appropriately.
7. For every interaction between the front end and back end, I want a toast to popup. For Front->Back, this would include Yjs edit packets and recompile commands. For Back->Front, this would include [N.out] PDF chunks arriving, remote edit messages, and whatever else. The purpose is to help me as the developer understand the information flow betewen the front and back ends.
8. Toast information popups needs to be better handled. Any info popup needs to be a toast that appears in the bottom-right of the window. If multiple toasts are present they should stack. Toasts should then drop off after 5 seconds. There must be standard widgets for this.
9. This should already be a milestone, but remember I also want a better file picker, which in particular supports drag-and-drop from my desktop into the file tree visible in the left-hand panel.
